- If you're following a nutrition program
that is designed to trigger
the physiological effect
of ketogenesis in the body,
you've probably used butter or MCT oil.
Mixed it all together.
Maybe some electrolytes also.
Whether you travel or you just
prepare that kind of thing
at your kitchen counter,
those are a lot of different ingredients,
as some of them can be kind of a mess.
We developed IN-Perium
which has MCT oil
in a small enough volume
that it won't knock you out of autophagy
and out of a fasted state.
So that's really important.
While at the same time
providing 200 milligrams
of caffeine so that you get
the appetite suppression
with the caffeine.
And the MCT which also slows down
the absorption of the caffeine.
And then at the same time
we added some electrolytes
without a salty taste.
And then sweetened with stevia
which doesn't create an insulin response.
So a lot of different bases were covered
so that we have a great supplement
that supports fasted periods,
that supports the ketogenic process,
the function of the human body.
Keeps your appetite
suppressed so that you can be
in the fasted state longer
and stay high energy.
(slow music)